what is up guys PhD here and today we've
got another of these fifa 14 prediction
videos today i'm going to be doing three
attacking syria players mainly these
striker roles in there as well m for
this video guys it would be great we can
try and get 150 likes on this show you
support and see we can then get some
good ratings on this see if you agree
with the ratings I had given out maybe
disagreed let me know in the comments
just who you would upgrade who you
downgrade also let me know what what
other players you want me to see me do
just give me a couple of names here and
there and I'll put them in future videos
for you so the first play we're going to
put in is of course de matar like who
played 42 games last season scoring 26
and assisting 6 so even had a pretty
decent lookin season continues I think
he is a fairly old little guy now and it
doesn't look like he's done too bad it
himself he's got and different stats
that I've given him his you look there
it's an overall at grade of one and the
stats are mainly him going up give me a
ta ta ta shot so that's a plus one above
for them passing just a minus one and
not a huge reason just them you got a
couple of cysts here and there but maybe
could assist some more even there even
though that is very very good he's
dribbling up giving a +1 at defending
minus two and heading plus to score a
one or two headed goals here and there
and you don't really see him tracking
back too much to be honest with you so I
gave him the 87 overall and he's
obviously in his striker roles that's
where he predominantly plays when he's
playing throughout the season and I
think that those ratings Oh stats are
pretty fair and that kind of reflects a
bit how his plane and season we could be
in the next week or so Tevez is the next
player that I've got coming up here's
forty seven appearances goals of the
squad 17 and assists he got 16 for man
city last season I was quite surprised
by the night games it showed he played
last season but including other Cup
matches and things I gave him 8-2 in
pace because he does occasionally when
I'm watching him it looks a little bit
more sluggish compared to what it used
to be is not as quick boy using is
probably more more technical you can see
we've the game bear as well so he's
given a
I've kept all the same shots because you
scored 16 that's pretty much thinking
out of best season in past seasons in
his shoes been similar given pass in
plus 3 that's simply because the amount
sis 16 assists is pretty amazing for a
striker / sent a forward type player
defending plus 1 because he does get
back a bit more than used to heading
minor students got too many headers and
dribbling minus 2 in there as well for
him so that kind of reflects a given the
same 86 rating for Tevez so we can go
into the final play that is Giovinco who
I have given an 82 rated M overall card
is played 49 games for you Ventus last
season he scored eight notes got 12 and
assisted 8 and which isn't too bad for
him for an 82 overall I guess that's
kinda what you'd expect he is no longer
I'm last couple of FIFA's been a winger
and he's now he plays mainly just in
that Senate forward roll just behind the
striker that is where he plays most of
the time I've given him a minus one in
pace a plus one shooting because 12
goals he probably could get a probably a
maybe one or two more or greater in the
shot I'll just give them quite safe for
the shoe industry it wouldn't go up
massively but it could go more than 18
to cigars with your move to an 80 or 81
then is dribbling of minus 2 defender I
kept the same and then the heading of
plus 3 as well so guys that is going to
be pretty much it let me know what you
think of this bless me some plays that
you want me to give a a prediction on
and if you have enjoyed this do remember
to drop a like subscribe to me if you
aren't already and I'll see you next
video guys bye bye
you